Bring back subset of migration guide (#150)
onflow/cadence-lang.org: docs/cadence-migration-guide/ft-guide.mdx

for all of the important contracts related to fungible tokens.
The second column is the import address if you are testing with a basic version of the emulator.
The third column contains the import addresses if you are using the Cadence testing framework.

| Contract                    | Emulator Import Address | Testing Framework    |
| --------------------------- | ----------------------- | -------------------- |
| `FungibleToken`             | `0xee82856bf20e2aa6`    | `0x0000000000000002` |
| `ViewResolver`              | `0xf8d6e0586b0a20c7`    | `0x0000000000000001` |
| `Burner`                    | `0xf8d6e0586b0a20c7`    | `0x0000000000000001` |
| `MetadataViews`             | `0xf8d6e0586b0a20c7`    | `0x0000000000000001` |
| `FungibleTokenMetadataViews`| `0xee82856bf20e2aa6`    | `0x0000000000000002` |
| `FungibleTokenSwitchboard`  | `0xee82856bf20e2aa6`    | `0x0000000000000002` |

See the other guides in this section of the docs for the import
addresses of other important contracts in the emulator.

As for contracts that are important for NFT developers but aren't "core contracts",
here is information about where to find the Cadence 1.0 versions of each:

> **USDC:** See [this PR in the USDC repo](https://github.com/flow-usdc/flow-usdc/pull/82)
> for updated USDC contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**USDC:** USDC was migrated to standard bridged USDC on Flow. See the [repo](https://github.com/onflow/bridged-usdc) for the latest version of the USDC contract.
```
